feat(json-schema-check): add new action (#240)
autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions: json-schema-check/README.md

# json-schema-check

## Description

> This action checks if the ROS2 parameter files (`config/*.param.yaml`) of packages comply with the format of their template JSON Schema file (`schema/*.schema.json`).

Reviewer: Not `ROS2` but `ROS 2`.

```suggestion
This action checks if the ROS 2 parameter files (`config/*.param.yaml`) of packages comply with the format of their template JSON Schema file (`schema/*.schema.json`).
```
